Team 4 Project
Information about your visualizations and what they show. Include information about interactions as appropriate.
Our website has five sections. The first section, made by Yonghao, analyzed the relationship between race and student number in different enrollment years. The second section, made by Hathaway, illustrated the average enrollment ACT and SAT math scores of each major. The third section, made by Gongyuan, plotted the line graph of 5th Asian female student number in different School years, specifically. The fourth section, made by Yi, created a bar chart visualization of relationship between student number and major. The fifth section, made by Tianlun, used pie charts to illustrate race distributions in some popular majors.

Your design process (e.g., how did you go about designing, building, and refining your system? Why did you choose these representations?)
We choose to design and present our project as a website. At the first place, each and every member of our group clean the data and plot some graphs. Since some of us use different platforms, we finally decide to combine our code to a single html file and at the same time, linked hathaway's Jupyter Notebook and embled Tianlun's ten pie charts.

Team roles for each individual:
Tianlun Zhao(BlakeTZ): I'm curious about the each race distribution of every majors in college. So I used python notebook to plot a pie chart by using the data cleaned by Hathaway with race_major. It is about percentage of each race in each major, and it can show us that each race is good at and interested in which major.(Fifth Page)

Yi Man(yima1736): I clean the "major.csv" data and create a visualization connent with this data. I use d3 to create the viusaliazation, so the debug part is the hardest part for me. There is still a problem that I did not figure out. I want to create a function which can help users to sort the data such as if you click a button, the data will sort from smallest to largest. I am still working on this one. (Fourth Page)

Gongyuan Xing(DominicXing): I sort the dataset related to following keywords： China, WIFI, Smart TV, English. And then I plot the graph Prive over Feature related to above. First I use Tableou plot the original graph so I can know what the graph should be like. And then I use Excel to find out related data and then code the program. 

Yonghao Zhang(SilentSingerZ): I plotted a set of line graphs and a streamflow graph by using the data cleaned by Hathaway with attributes of Race, year and student number. And I combined everyone's code to a single one as a website, which including Dynamic Queries and excellent UI design. (First Page)

Hathaway Zhang(hathaaaway): Cleaning the raw data "NCWIT_DataV2_RawData.csv". Using the python notebook to clean the major, nan values, and output the dataset to several csv files. Also used the cleaned data to plot a histgram telling the average ACT and SAT scores of each major. (Second Page)

How to run our project:
Download and unzip the Submission folder
Run the local server
Go to directory of submission
The 2nd visualization Score vs Major would only work in Submission/Code/Hathaway/project2.ipynb
